[Music]
[Applause]
hi Rosie friends its Julie and today I
want to talk about something a little
bit different than I normally talk about
this is actually something that I've
been thinking about for a while I'm not
ready to talk about it in full detail
because I want to do a bit of research
and kind of think about exactly what I
want to say when I actually kind of
really delve into this topic but I just
want to kind of help to explain a little
bit as to why my videos haven't been as
regular as they normally are I've missed
I think two or three in the last couple
of months and a lot of it did have to do
with the moving and being busy and
things like that but um what I didn't
actually share and why there have been
there for example last week's video was
something that I did want to talk about
things and I had been recording it
really carefully over time but it was
just a voiceover I didn't show up with
my face in the video is that I was going
through a stretch of depression and
that's something that I go through on
occasions normally I deal with anxiety
on a regular basis anxiety is sort of my
groove it's what I do
my social anxiety disorder I have panic
disorder I've talked about that in the
past and I do want to get into the
impact that that can have on rosacea and
just talk about in general a little bit
but I'm not kind of I don't feel fully
prepared for that yet
I haven't sort of finished I've been
taking notes but I haven't sort of
finished deciding exactly what I want to
say and what my what points I want to
cover in that but I did want to sort of
level with you guys because you are my
rosy friends and I almost feel like I've
been lying to you by just not posting a
video or posting videos late just
because I couldn't get the drive to sit
in front of the camera and start talking
and I didn't want to start forcing
myself to sit in front of the camera and
pretend to be happy or something like
that because one I'm not an actress so I
can't pretend to be happy if I'm not
happy you'll know but another thing is
that I don't want to hate this I don't
want to make it into a chore I
absolutely love posting videos and
sharing with you guys
and
if I start thinking oh I have to get
this up then I start feeling guilty
about not posting and then I start
feeling like oh what am I going to talk
about I'll just come up with something
stupid and just put it up there or
whatever and I don't want to do that I
want this to be fun I want this to be I
want these videos to be entertaining or
have value for you and I want to enjoy
it that's that's why I'm doing this in
the first place is because I want to
help but I also I love it so I have been
kind of blotchy with my clothes things
for the last while and I have done a
couple of voiceovers where either I just
you know do a routine or something like
that and voiceover as opposed to talking
to you or I when I showed you my garden
and those were all things that I wanted
to share and they were absolutely videos
that I had fun making if you know I just
putting them together and doing the
voiceover was fun but actually speaking
to you like this I just I couldn't do it
at the time I also didn't want to be in
front of the camera too much but I
really I just got in from a walk it is
the first really hot time of the season
it is I think over 90 degrees it's it's
in the high 20s Celsius so it's around
90 ish degrees Fahrenheit and there's a
lot of humidity and I have the window
closed because I don't want to be
bellowing out at my neighbors right now
so I am really overheated - sorry about
how sweaty and disgusting I am right now
and I just came in from walking the dogs
but this was when I felt really
motivated to just sit down and start
talking to you and tell you what's going
on I am feeling better now I'm feeling a
lot better I don't know if I'm fully
through it but far far better than I was
and what happened is I just I started
feeling down and I I don't know exactly
what the trigger was I think it was just
being really busy I moved I had a whole
pile of unpacking um you know I like I
had videos to make I had work to do I
have my book to write I know that my
cookbook is falling behind because of a
whole pile of other things in my life
that suddenly happened that made it fall
behind schedule it is back on track I am
finishing that off again I'm hoping that
it will be ready before the actual
official start to the summer because I'm
getting excited about it again and all
of that I think just weighed down on me
too heavily
and I let it get to me and I then I did
all the wrong things so for example at
night I was just tired so I didn't do my
light therapy so my skin started
bothering me a little bit again after a
little while it didn't start immediately
but it started overtime and then I
started not feeling driven to eat right
I just wanted something really quick so
I would grab something pre-made or
something packaged or something like
that I was still sort of cooking the way
that I normally do but rarely I was
ordering in a lot super huge amounts of
takeout compared to what I normally eat
and I even would have like at the end of
the night just to calm down I would have
a glass of wine or something like that
which is something that I never do I
wasn't drinking like you know just
coming back to alcohol or anything like
that otherwise I really my face would
just have just fallen right off but
that's something that is completely
outside of my habit that's something
that I don't normally do and it's really
the worst thing that I could do I'm
eating poorly having any kind of alcohol
really I was having way more coffee than
I normally would throughout the day so
stimulants alcohol junk food
it just kept dragging me down and
dragging me down and dragging me down my
face started to look like a mess it
starts to feel like a mess I felt like
garbage overall and I just couldn't say
speaking honestly to the camera with a
smile on my face and so that's I just
wanted to almost confess that to you
because I felt like I was sort of riding
it out and hiding it from you and just
sort of pretending everything is OK and
I realized that I don't have to share
every single part of my life with you
but I also want to be really honest with
you because that's also what this is
about so when I do disappear or when
things are patchy it could just be that
I'm busy that's normally what it is but
this time that's not what it is
and I almost I didn't want to be
dishonest with you with what was going
on so on my skin actually looks of them
being hugely sweaty it looks okay right
now but that's because I have sunscreen
on and it has a little bit of a
whitening effect in it it's it's got
that zinc oxide in it so it looks
slightly paler than it actually is but I
am getting back into it I did keep up
exercising the whole time
I'm back into drinking water now I've
decreased the caffeine intake just left
the wine in the fridge not having any of
that and back to eating healthy and that
has made a huge difference the first
really full out super healthy nutrient
packed meal I had I felt different
afterward and I felt even better the
next day and that was a real slap in the
face that was like Julie just get back
on track and so I know that this is a
weird old video and it's probably
unnecessary but I felt like I needed to
confess a few that's what's been going
on with me that's why the comments I
normally respond as soon as I see that
there's a comment posted and I think
there are something like 21 or something
that I have not responded to completely
unlike me I will respond to every single
one of them that need to reply as I
always do I'm getting back into it I'm
catching up and I'm back here with you
guys and can't wait to actually start
sharing again I have already had a
number of topics lined up that I'm
really going to really pleased to be
sharing with you I will be recording
again this weekend if there will be a
video out on Sunday I already know what
it's going to be so there will be
product tests first impressions civil
ways I was sent a really unique little
product that I'm testing out right now I
needed to test it for I think one to two
months to really find out how it's going
so it doesn't have to do with the face
but that's I'm going to be sharing that
and then there's a giveaway to go with
that because the company that sent it to
me is also I can update you on my
balcony garden and I can't wait to
actually start showing the harvest and
what I do with the foods and things like
that and I will have the cookbook
eventually coming out as well can't wait
to get I cannot tell you how excited I
am to get that actually out there I've
been working on this for so long
I think it's been over a year now I
think it's actually been well over a
year now that I've been working on it
and it is in the it has been finished
for a while but it's in the final
editing phases and that's a lot of
sending things back and forth and back
and forth to for polishing and it's a
lot of fine detail work and while I was
very down and depressed I just couldn't
focus on that but now I can
cannot wait for that so yeah so I just
want to thank you very very much for all
of your patience with me I'm sorry for
being so erratic in the video styles
I've been doing and in the scheduling
for that matter thank you so much for
staying around and being here with me
I'm getting back to responding to the
comments because every single one of
them means something to me I read every
single comment and pretty much right
away they're so super excited about
starting to be a part of this community
again because I feel like I've been
slightly detached and I don't like that
at all so I'm back in the game feeling
better very grateful to you and just
wanted to share that very quickly
basically to launch a whole new positive
start to who views videos again so yep
so thank you again everybody Thank You
Rosie friends if you're not if you want
to see all those upcoming videos I hope
you'll subscribe to this channel and
there's a little Bell next to the
subscribe button that will actually if
you click that that will make sure that
you're alerted every time I post a new
video so you will actually see her when
it happens so if you do actually want an
alert then please click that too and I
guess that's everything and I will see
you next time
[Music]